com.microsoft.VSCode public.json all
com.microsoft.VSCode public.plain-text all
com.microsoft.VSCode public.python-script all
com.microsoft.VSCode public.shell-script all
com.microsoft.VSCode public.source-code all
com.microsoft.VSCode public.text all
com.microsoft.VSCode public.unix-executable all
# this works for files without a filename extension
com.microsoft.VSCode public.data all

com.microsoft.VSCode .c all
com.microsoft.VSCode .cpp all
com.microsoft.VSCode .cs all
com.microsoft.VSCode .css all
com.microsoft.VSCode .go all
com.microsoft.VSCode .java all
com.microsoft.VSCode .js all
com.microsoft.VSCode .sass all
com.microsoft.VSCode .scss all
com.microsoft.VSCode .less all
com.microsoft.VSCode .vue all
com.microsoft.VSCode .cfg all
com.microsoft.VSCode .json all
com.microsoft.VSCode .jsx all
com.microsoft.VSCode .log all
com.microsoft.VSCode .lua all
com.microsoft.VSCode .md all
com.microsoft.VSCode .php all
com.microsoft.VSCode .pl all
com.microsoft.VSCode .py all
com.microsoft.VSCode .rb all
com.microsoft.VSCode .ts all
com.microsoft.VSCode .tsx all
com.microsoft.VSCode .txt all
com.microsoft.VSCode .conf all
com.microsoft.VSCode .yaml all
com.microsoft.VSCode .yml all
com.microsoft.VSCode .toml all
